{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22320\viewh12480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title: Godfather \
MPAA Rating: R\
Year: 1972\
Director: Francis Ford Coppola \
Review: This movie was so awesome! The drama was epic, and the ending was a classic. \
\
Review 2: I hated this movie. It\'92s just a bunch of stereotypes of New Yorkers. Do not watch this movie \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: I loved this film. Classic cinematography, and classic lines make this movie a masterpiece. The orange color make it stand out, and it\'92s amazing delivery of lines is fantastic. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: Pulp Fiction \
MPAA Rating: R\
Year: 1994\
Director: Quentin Tarantino \
Review: I just don\'92t get it. The story doesn\'92t make sense. It\'92s out of order. \
\
Review 2: The movie is told a non-linear way. This is fantastic storytelling, and makes the movie what it is\'85 an icon.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: Drugs, and violence is what makes this movie big, but it\'92s the comedic lines, and amazing storytelling what makes it awesome. This will be a classic soon enough.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: The Lion King \
MPAA Rating: G\
Year: 1994\
Director: Roger Allers. \
Review: Classic Disney. A retelling of Hamlet, but still amazing. \
\
Review 2: Disney has made an awesome film here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: The movie was perfect. Perfect length, perfect animation\'85 This movie would entertain you, and your cub. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: Goodfellas\
MPAA Rating: R\
Genre: Drama\
Year: 1990\
Director: Martin Scorsese \
Review: The rise, and rise, and rise, then plummet of a New York gangster  \
\
Review 2: This guy went to \'93The Godfather School of New Yorkers\'94 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: Star Wars \
MPAA Rating: PG\
Genre: Sci-Fi\
Year: 1977\
Director: George Lucas \
Review: The beginning of the best saga ever. \
\
Review 2: This was stupid. Aliens are not real. This is just a teenager\'92s dream\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: I loved this film. Sci-Fi is starting to make it\'92s mark. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: Whiplash \
MPAA Rating: R\
Genre: Drama\
Year: 2014\
Director: Damien Chazelle\
Review: Amazing drama film.  \
\
Review 2: J.K Simmons was a master of drama in this film.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: I loved this film. Classic cinematography, and classic lines make this movie a masterpiece. The orange color make it stand out, and it\'92s amazing delivery of lines is fantastic. \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: The Dark Knight \
MPAA Rating: PG-13\
Genre: Action\
Year: 2008\
Director: Christopher Nolan \
Review: Batman is back and better than ever\
\
Review 2: I hated this movie. It\'92s just a bunch of stereotypes of New Yorkers. Do not watch this movie \
Title: Django Unchained  \
MPAA Rating: R\
Genre: Drama\
Year: 2011\
Director: Quentin Tarantino \
Review: This movie was so awesome! The drama was epic, and the ending was a classic. \
\
Review 2: Bunch of offensive remarks, and stupid plot. I hate this movie.  \
\
Title: Toy Story \
MPAA Rating: G\
Genre: Children\
Year: 1995\
Director: John Lasseter \
\
Review: Classic children\'92s film. Makes you wonder if your toys came to life. \
\
Review 2: Lasseter does it again. His movie is tops!  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Review 3: All the fun, no assembly required!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 Title: Deadpool \
MPAA Rating: R\
Genre: Comedy\
Year: 2016\
Director: Tim Miller\
Review: This movie was so awesome! The comedy was epic, and the ending was a classic. \
\
Review 2: Too much cursing. Do not take your kids to this film. \
}